Using SXAPI CLI
===============

See [installation guide](https://github.com/startxfr/sxapi-console/blob/v0.0.9/docs/1.Install.md) for more information on how to install sxapi-cli. 

Sub-commands
------------

### Project

Check if current directory is versionned. 
If versionned within another project, please take care of using record as it will create tag on your remote account (see CLI - Recording)
If you're not in a versionned directory, please go into a directory versionned, or create a local copy of a versionned repository

### Services

List all sample services available with this sxapi-cli. When running the first time your sxapi-cli, you will notice that it download and install a local copy of sxapi-sample.
If you want to remove this copy and start again with a fresh copy, you can remove ~/.sxapi-cli directory. It will be recreated next time you will use sxapi-cli command.
If you see more sample on github, but do not see it in your sxapi-cli tool, please upgrade your sxapi-cli first

### Setup

Setup a new sxapi microservice in the current directory. If not empty, you could overwrite existing content.
If you give a sample name (ex : `sxapi-cli setup simple/txt`) then this sample service will be used as a basis of your service.
Every time you perform this operation, you should consider :
1. restart service
2. record your change if you think this change is stable, and have to be keeped and shared 

### Start

Start running you sxapi microservice. This will start the container and expose service according to the docker-compose.yml file. 

### Log

Display log comming from your sxapi microservice. Type Ctrl+C if you whant to escape 

### Stop

Stop running you sxapi microservice. Also remove container for history.

### Restart

Same as stopping and starting you sxapi microservice.

